## Episode 16
  - Navy boxers
    + ?

  - I'm flat broke.
    + I have no money at all

  - The only suit options are track or birthday
    + track suit is the suit you wear when riding a scoot

  - Even the hippie lawyers from granola mountain earth pals will hacky sack you straight out of door.
    + hacky sack is ball game.
    + And I don't know what granola mountain earth pals means, I think granola mountain is a place.

  - Punky Brewster
    + TV show

  - sketchy
    + not detailed or not thorough
    + dishonest or disrepuatable

  - juggle
    + I'm juggling four right now.
    + continuously toss into the air and catch (a number of objects) so as to keep at leat one in the air (while handling the others) and at least one in the hands. 

  - sheep shearer
    + the person who cut or clip the hair of sheep.

  - poofy
    + puffy, light, and having great volume of fullness: a poofy hairstyle.

  - up front 
    + I saw a couple up front that were nice

  - where does one get off doing something
    + How dare one be so brazen, impudent, or rude as to do or say the offensive or disreputable thing indicated?
    + I mean, where does she get off trying to tell us how to run our company?

  - net annual income 
    + annual income after taxex and deductions. 
    + deduction: the action of deducting or substracting somthing.

  - Damn you, Old Navy and reasonably-priced three-packs. 
    + Old Navy and three-packs may be some cloth brand which are cheap and many people but them.

  - doughnut
    + a small fried cake of sweetened dough, typically in the shape of a ball or ring.

  - lame
    + I know it may sound lame, but i actually start to think Ted may the one.
    + (of something intended to be entertaining) uninspiring and dull

  - I'd feel like a little Stepford turning down a big opportunity to chase some guy I'd only known 2 months.
    + Stepford: denoting someone who is regarded as robotically conformist or obedient.
    + conformist: a person who comforms to accepted behaviour or established practice.
    + obedient: complying or willing to comply with an order or request; submissive to another's authority.

  - bread my schnitzel
    
  - bastard
    + an unpleasant or despicable person

  - mullet
    + any of various chiefly(mainly) marine fish that are widely caught by food.

  - speake of the devil
    
  - hustle 
    + Just kind of seemed like you're trying to **hustle** Victoria out of the country.
    + force someone to move hurriedly or unceremoniously in a specified direction.
    + unceremoniously: with a lack of courtesy; roughly or abruptly

  - tingle
    + prickle: 
      * a short, slender, sharp-pointed outgrowth on the bark or epidermis of a plant; a small thorn
      * (of a person's skin or a part of the body) experience a tingling sensation, especially as a result of strong emotion.

  - splurge
    + an act of spending money freely and extravagantly
