## Episode 19
  - pickle
  	+ a relish consisting of vegetables or fruit preserved in vinegar or brine
  		* vinegar: sour-tasting liquid
  		* brine: water strongly impregnated with salt
  			- impregnate: soak or saturate something with a substance
  	+ a difficult situation

  - banquet 

  - word up
  	+ A greeting 
  	+ another way to say yeah! or damn right

  - put one down for something
  	+ to not one's commitment to a particular task or course of action

  - piss off at
  	+ extremely angry disgusted or incensed because of something

  - puritanical
  	+ having a strict or censorious moral attitude towards self-indulgence or sex.

  - hayseed
  	+ grass seed obtained for hay
  	+ a person from the country, especially one who is simple and unsophisticated

  - slump 
  	+ to sit or fall heavily or suddenly

  - hiatus
  	+ a pause or break in continuity in a sequence or activity

  - strike out
  	+ start out on a new or independent course or endeavor.

  - step up to the plate
  	+ to take action when something needs to be done, even if it is tough

  - off the roster
  	+ no playing

  - locker room
  	+ a room containing lockers, especially a sports changing room

  - whirlpool
  	+ circular water current with a hollow center

  - pimp
  	+ a man who controls prostitutes and arranges client for them, taking part of their earnings in return.

  - racism

  - racist

  - wear my hair up or down

  - school board
  	+ a local board or authority responsible for provision or maintenance of schools
  	+ board: a group of people constituted as the decision-making body of an organization
  	+ provision: the act of providing something; supplies of food and other necessary things

  - blatantly
  	+ in an open and unashamed manner

  - fornicators
  	+ have sexual intercourse with someone one is not married to

  - harshing my mellow
  	+ To annoy someone or ruin one's good mood

  - courtesan
  	+ (mainly in historical context) a prostitute, especially one with wealthy or upper-class clients

  - smoking hot
  	+ extremely hot

  - I'm out 500 bucks.

  - cabron
  	+ Spanish word for mate/pal/friend (very informal, actually means "bastard")
  	+ see in  https://hinative.com/questions/15369777

  - toothless tranny
  	+ toothless: having no teeth, typically through old age
  	+ tranny: a transvestite or transgender person

  - Port Authority
  	+ a governmental commission that manage or construct port facilities
  	+ commission: an instruction, command or duty given to one person or a group of people.

  - telepathic
  	+ supposedly capable of transmitting thoughts to other people and of knowing their thoughts; psychic

  - the face of something
  	+ the person who represents or embodies something as a whole in the eyes of the public.

  - low-budget
  	+ guess: use a little money (to do something)

  - cable news
  	+ cable channel is a channel people pay to watch

  - flip through
  	+ look quickly through a book, magazine, etc

  - idiotic
  	+ very stupid

  - Yosemite
  	+ A park

  - get a kick out of it
  	+ get a sense of enjoyment, amusement or excitement from something

  - cranky
  	+ guess: easy to be annoyed
  	+ ill-tempered; irritable
  
  - a ton more money
  	+ a lot more money

  - clerical
  	+ (of a job or a person) concerned with or relating to work in an office, especially routine documentation and administrative tasks.

  - you are pretty good on your feet
  	+ a fast thinker, good at repartee
  		* repartee: conversation or speech characterized by quick, witty comments or replies.
  		* witty: showing or characterized by quick and inventive verbal humor.

  - flirting with

  - you got me
  	+ you understand me

  - put one's hair on?
  	+ lower the helmet onto 
 
  - roll credits
  	+ after giving a great insult that totally makes your friend speechless, you slap him with "roll credits", meaning that it's over

  - in one's face
  	+ aggressively unavoidable; thrust upon one's attention
  		* thrust upon: to force someone to have or accept (something)
  	+ aggressively interacting with someone
  
  - go nuts
  	+ to go crazy.
  	+ to act in an excited, uninhibited manner.
  		* uninhibited: expressing one's feelings or thoughts unselfconsciously and without restraint.

  - mini-bar
  	+ a facility in hotel which contains some small expensive goodies

  - motif
  	+ an important or noticeable element or feature that appears throughout the work.

  - deal-breaker
  	+ something that prevents an agreement from being completed or continued.

  - storm off
  	+ to leave angrily

  - Toodles

  - bathtub drain

  - Dom Perignon